Refactor ProgressIndicator api according to api review. (#2937)
slint-ui/slint: docs/language/src/builtins/widgets.md

### Properties

-   **`indeterminate`**: (_in_ _bool_): Set to true if the progress of the operation cannot be determined by value (default value: `false`).

> -   **`progress`** (_in_ _float_): Percentage of completion, as value between 0 and 1. Values outside 0. and 1. are capped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **`progress`** (_in_ _float_): Percentage of completion, as value between 0 and 1. Values less than 0 or greater than 1 are capped.
```
